[DOC-11236] Move and update cluster sizing details to Plan an Advanced Cluster (#18958)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/plan-your-cluster-advanced.md

When considering your cluster's scale, we recommend that you start by planning the compute requirements per node. If a workload requires more than 16 vCPUs per node, consider adding more nodes. For example, if a 3-node cluster with 8 vCPUs per node is not adequate for your workload, consider scaling up to 16 vCPUs before adding a fourth node. For most production applications, we recommend at minimum 8 vCPUs per node.

We recommend you avoid adding or removing nodes from a cluster when its load is expected to be high. Adding or removing nodes incurs a non-trivial amount of load on the cluster and can take more than half an hour per region. Changing the cluster configuration during times of heavy traffic may negatively impact application performance, and changes may take longer to be applied.

When considering scaling down a cluster's nodes, ensure that the remaining nodes have enough storage to contain the cluster's current and anticipated data.

If you remove a region from a cluster, requests from that region will be served by nodes in other regions, and may be slower as a result.

> If you have changed the [replication factor](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/{{site.current_cloud_version}}/configure-replication-zones) for a cluster, you might need to reduce it before you can remove nodes from the cluster. For example, suppose you have a 5-node cluster with a replication factor of 5, up from the default of 3. Before you can scale the cluster down to 3 nodes, you must change the replication factor to 3.

Author: ```suggestion
If you have changed the [replication factor]({% link {{site.current_cloud_version}}/configure-replication-zones.md %}) for a cluster, you might need to reduce it before you can remove nodes from the cluster. For example, suppose you have a 5-node cluster with a replication factor of 5, up from the default of 3. Before you can scale the cluster down to 3 nodes, you must change the replication factor to 3.
```

## Storage capacity

When selecting your storage capacity, consider the following factors:

Factor      | Description
------------|------------
Capacity    | Total raw data size you expect to store without replication.
Replication | The default replication factor for a CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} cluster is 3.
Buffer      | Additional buffer (overhead data, accounting for data growth, etc.). If you are importing an existing dataset, we recommend you provision at least 50% additional storage to account for the import functionality.
Compression | The percentage of savings you can expect to achieve with compression. With CockroachDB's default compression algorithm, we typically see about a 40% savings on raw data size.

For more details about disk performance, refer to:
- **GCP**: <a href="https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/performance">Configure disks to meet performance requirements</a>
- **AWS**: <a href="https://aws.amazon.com/ebs/features/">Amazon EBS volume types</a>

> - **Azure**: <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/disks-performance">Virtual machine and disk performance</a>

Reviewer: Bullets aren't rendering properly
